I have added the debugger and searched for line.
We can see that the response has a nested response object.
And inside that the docs property holds all of the articles.
So we need to convert the response from JSON into a Javascript object.
If some articles have been returned,
then this section maps over each article and then returns
a list item that contains the article's headline and a snippet of the article.
Finally, we combine all article list items together inside in unordered list tag.
This gets added to the bottom of the page inside the response container.
If there are no articles then it just displays the text "no articles available."